---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bluestonepim_attribute_definition Resource - terraform-provider-bluestonepim"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# bluestonepim_attribute_definition (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bluestonepim_attribute_definition" "my_attribute_definition" {
  name         = "My Attribute Definition"
  number       = "my-attribute-definition-key"
  data_type    = "text"
  content_type = "text/markdown"
  description  = "This is a description of the attribute definition."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_type` (String) The data type of the attribute. For the `matrix`, `dictionary`, and `column` data types use the dedicated resources

### Optional

- `character_set` (String) The unit of the attribute.
- `content_type` (String) The content type of the attribute.
- `description` (String) The description of the attribute.
- `external_source` (Boolean) Whether the attribute is an external source.
- `group_id` (String) The group ID of the attribute.
- `internal` (Boolean) Whether the attribute is internal.
- `name` (String) The name of the Category.
- `number` (String) Number
- `restrictions` (Attributes) The restrictions of the attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restrictions))
- `unit` (String) The unit of the attribute.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Platform-generated unique identifier of the Category.

<a id="nestedatt--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restrictions`

Optional:

- `enum` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restrictions--enum))
- `range` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restrictions--range))
- `text` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restrictions--text))

<a id="nestedatt--restrictions--enum"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restrictions.enum`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The type of the enum.
- `values` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restrictions--enum--values))

<a id="nestedatt--restrictions--enum--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restrictions.enum.values`

Required:

- `value` (String) The value of the enum.

Optional:

- `metadata` (String) The metadata of the enum.
- `number` (String) The number of the enum.

Read-Only:

- `value_id` (String) The ID of the value.



<a id="nestedatt--restrictions--range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restrictions.range`

Optional:

- `max` (String) The maximum value of the range.
- `min` (String) The minimum value of the range.
- `step` (String) The step value of the range.


<a id="nestedatt--restrictions--text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restrictions.text`

Optional:

- `max_length` (Number) The maximum length of the text.
- `pattern` (String) The pattern of the text.
- `whitespaces` (Boolean) Whether the text allows whitespaces.
